# Crawler-Classifier

### This is C++ application that uses multithreaded programming to grab generated articles, analyse and classify them.
### There are three crawlers, a buffer, and a classifier implemented in this program.
Each crawler thread is created to grab articles from websites and load them into the buffer. It keeps doing grabbing and loading job until the buffer is full. And then it starts waiting until the classifier deletes an article from the buffer.
A classifier thread is created to classify the articles grabbed by the crawlers in FIFO order.

## Background
Sentiment analysis, which is a powerful technique based on natural language processing, has a wide range of applications, including consumer reviews analysis, recommender system, political campaigning, stock speculation, etc. A sentiment analysis model requires a large text corpus, which consists of classified articles grabbed from the internet using web crawlers.

## User Guide
1) Open terminal and make sure that generator.cpp and 55850833_55819497.cpp are in same folder
2) Enter "g++ file_name -lpthread -o crawling" to compile cpp file (Note: file_name in our case is 55850833_55819497.cpp)
3) Enter "./crawling [ interval_A ] [ interval_B ]" to run the program ( e.g ./crawilng 1000000 1000000)
4) Then program will output the table
5) Also program will create textCorpus.txt file, where keys, class labels and original articles will be stored
6) If you are running the program for second time, you need to delete/clear previous textCorpus.txt file, otherwise
data generated by second run will be added to existing text

## Inputs
Program accepts two arguments in input order: 
- interval_A: integer, unit: microsecond. Duration of crawler job.
- interval_B: integer, unit: microsecond. Duration of classifier job.

## Outputs
Crawler:
- start – crawler starts.
- grab – crawler starts to grab an article.
- f-grab – an article has been grabbed and loaded into the buffer. wait – crawler starts waiting for available space in the buffer. s-wait – crawler stops waiting.
- quit – crawler finished all job and about to quit.

Classifier:
- start – classifier starts.
- clfy – classifier starts to classify an article.
- f-clfy – the article has been classified and deleted from the buffer.
- k-enough – k number of articles have been classified and the classifier notifies all threads to quit.
- n-stored – a total n articles have been stored in the text corpus. quit – classifier finished all job and about to quit.
